Update conditionalaccessusers.md (#18080)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/conditionalaccessguestsorexternalusers.md

---
title: "conditionalAccessGuestsOrExternalUsers resource type"
description: "Represents internal guests or external users in the policy scope."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "sandeo"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conditionalAccessGuestsOrExternalUsers resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents internal guests and/or external users in the policy scope.

## Properties

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> | guestOrExternalUserTypes | conditionalAccessGuestOrExternalUserTypes collection | Enum flag representing the types of internal guests or external users. Supported values are: `b2bCollaborationGuest`, `b2bCollaborationMember`, `b2bDirectConnectUser`, `internalGuest`, `OtherExternalUser`, `serviceProvider` and `unknownFutureValue`. |

Reviewer: @SanDeo-MSFT, please **add the enums to the enums.md file.** 
Changes I've made:
- The CSDL file does not mention that this is a collection. It is a flagged enum. Change applied.
- The members in the CSDL file are different from the ones listed here. Change applied. 
```suggestion
| guestOrExternalUserTypes | conditionalAccessGuestOrExternalUserTypes | Represents internal guests or external user types. This is a multi-value extended property. Supported values are: `none`, `internalGuest`, `b2bCollaborationGuest`, `b2bCollaborationMember`, `b2bDirectConnectUser`, `otherExternalUser`, `serviceProvider`, and `unknownFutureValue`. |
```

> | guestOrExternalUserTypes | conditionalAccessGuestOrExternalUserTypes | Represents internal guests or external user types. This is a multi-valued property. Supported values are: `b2bCollaborationGuest`, `b2bCollaborationMember`, `b2bDirectConnectUser`, `internalGuest`, `OtherExternalUser`, `serviceProvider` and `unknownFutureValue`. |

Reviewer 2: `conditionalAccessGuestOrExternalUserTypes` needs to be defined in the `enums.md` file

| externalTenants | [conditionalAccessExternalTenants](conditionalaccessexternaltenants.md) | The tenant ids of the selected types of external users. It could be either all b2b tenant, or a collection of tenant ids. External tenants can be specified only when `guestOrExternalUserTypes` is not null or an empty string. |

## Relationships

None.

> ## JSON representation

Reviewer: Please update the JSON representation. Since this is an enum, the return type should be a string.
